README.md, before:

# CS 6387 Homework - OAUTH2 Authorization Grant

This is a short example of an OAUTH2 authorization grant request.
It consists of two web servers, one representing the web application
that the browser interacts with, the other representing a resource server
that the web application interacts with, and which verifies the user's
authorization token that is passed from the web server.

## Build
To build the servers, use the following two commands:
```
go build -o ws web_server/main.go
go build -o rs resource_server/main.go
```

## Run
In separate windows, run the ws and rs commands. The ws command creates
a web server that listens on port 8000, while rs creates one that listens
on port 9000:
```
./ws
```

```
./rs
```

Then, point your browser at http://localhost:8000/
![Browser pointed at http://localhost:8000/](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/browser1.png)


You should now see an OKTA login page, like this:
![OKTA login page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/okta.png)

Enter the login credentials, and you should see a plain web page
showing the user number that was allocated for your session, assuming
that the authorization token was accepted by the resource server:
![User number shown](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/browser.png)

Both servers print out some interim log messages to show the interaction
with the Okta OAUTH2 server. This is the output from ws (the web server):
![Output from ws server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/ws.png)

This is the output from ws (the resource server):
![Output from rs server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/rs.png)

Commit message:

Added instructions for config.json

README.md, after:

# CS 6387 Homework - OAUTH2 Authorization Grant

This is a short example of an OAUTH2 authorization grant request.
It consists of two web servers, one representing the web application
that the browser interacts with, the other representing a resource server
that the web application interacts with, and which verifies the user's
authorization token that is passed from the web server.

## Build
To build the servers, use the following two commands:
```
go build -o ws web_server/main.go
go build -o rs resource_server/main.go
```

## Run
After creating an account in Okta, and generating a client id for the application, create a config.json file with three string fields:
- clientId: the client ID assigned by Okta
- clientSecret: the secret associated with the client ID
- oktaDomain: the domain name for your client ID generated by Okta

This config.json file should be in the directory you run ws and rs from.

In separate windows, run the ws and rs commands. The ws command creates
a web server that listens on port 8000, while rs creates one that listens
on port 9000:
```
./ws
```

```
./rs
```

Then, point your browser at http://localhost:8000/
![Browser pointed at http://localhost:8000/](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/browser1.png)


You should now see an OKTA login page, like this:
![OKTA login page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/okta.png)

Enter the login credentials, and you should see a plain web page
showing the user number that was allocated for your session, assuming
that the authorization token was accepted by the resource server:
![User number shown](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/browser.png)

Both servers print out some interim log messages to show the interaction
with the Okta OAUTH2 server. This is the output from ws (the web server):
![Output from ws server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/ws.png)

This is the output from ws (the resource server):
![Output from rs server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wutka/cs6387_oauth_homework/master/images/rs.png)
